Custom notifications (#1566)
liveblocks/liveblocks: docs/pages/api-reference/liveblocks-react-comments.mdx

</PropertiesList>

###### InboxNotification.Custom [#InboxNotification.Custom]

Displays a custom notification kind.

```tsx
<InboxNotification
  kinds={{
    $myCustomNotificationKind: (props) => {
      const activityData = props.inboxNotification.activities[0].data;

      return(
        <InboxNotification.Custom
          title={<>User <strong>{activityData.file}</strong></>}
          aside={<InboxNotification.Icon>❌</InboxNotification.Icon>}
          {...props}
        >
          {activityData.errorDescription}
        </InboxNotification>
      )
    },
  }}
/>
```

<PropertiesList>
  <PropertiesListItem
    name="inboxNotification"
    type="InboxNotificationCustomData"
    required
  >
    The inbox notification to display.
  </PropertiesListItem>
  <PropertiesListItem name="title" type="ReactNode" required>
    The inbox notification’s title.
  </PropertiesListItem>
  <PropertiesListItem name="children" type="ReactNode" required>
    The inbox notification’s content.
  </PropertiesListItem>
  <PropertiesListItem name="showActions" type='boolean | "hover"'>
    How to show or hide the actions.
  </PropertiesListItem>
  <PropertiesListItem name="aside" type="ReactNode">

>     The inbox notification's aside content. Can be combined with{" "}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The inbox notification’s aside content. Can be combined with{" "}
```
Phew, that was a close one!

Author: 🦅👁️
